>> Write the programm which takes the input from user for below values.
	1. Name and 
	2. Role Number.
After taking the above input, the programm will ask user to short the values by
	1. Alpha betically (A--Z)
	2. Numerically (1,2....)
After shorting the values, the programm will write the result in the text file.

>> Make the stock price calculator which can able to take 2 inputs (Stock price amd Quantity) and then calculates the average buying price of the stock.
Also storing the result in the text file with tabular like formating. Also the programm can accept the command to Buy/Sell the stocks and also display
the history of the stock.

>> Write the programm to read all above stock information from file and then ask user to enter the option to short the data by below order.
	1. Short by name (A to Z and Vice-Versa).
	2. Short by Stock prices (High to Low and Vice-Versa)
	3. Short by Investment values (High to Low and Vice-Versa)
	
>> write the programm which can able to calculate the exact time period for which the user needs to pay the home loan.
For this the programm will ask user for the below input.
	1. What is the loan ammount.
	2. What is the interest rate.
	3. What is the monthly installment.
Also the programm will store the information in file named by user.
The programm can also take the monthly installment values from user and according to the selected plan stored by user it will instantly
shows iser how much loan ammount is pending and how much time period pending.

>> Write the python code which takes inputs from the user for searching the perticular string/variables from the text file.
User can enter as many strings to search and programm should only display the string which only includes all of the user entered strings.

>> Write the programm which can able to remind the user for any perticular tasks. For that it asks user to input below things.
	1. Taks to be done.
	2. Frequenc of the task (Ex. daily, weekly, monthly, yearly..)
	3. Date and Time of the task according to the above selected values.
	4. Reminder Tone selecter / Any output selection.


